Add notes for alphas for Chocolatey components (#665)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/choco/release-notes.md

<?! Include "../../shared/chocolatey-component-dependencies-link.txt" /?>

## 2.0.0-alpha-20230307 (March 7, 2023)

> :choco-warning: **WARNING**
>
> This is a pre-release version of Chocolatey CLI and it is **NOT** suitable for production use! A pre-release version will have bugs that could have a detrimental impact to your environment. Ensure all necessary due diligence steps are taken before using in your environment.

> :choco-warning: **WARNING**
>
> This pre-release version of Chocolatey CLI **only** works with the alpha version of the Chocolatey Licensed Extension.

> :choco-info: **NOTE**
>
> If you run into any problems when using this alpha version of Chocolatey CLI we would ask that you comment on this [discussion](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/discussions/2995), which is where we will be collating issues, and providing workarounds, etc.  We will not be accepting issues raised against this alpha release.

### Known Issues

See this [list](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/discussions/2995) for known issues with this pre-release.

### Bug

- Fix `choco upgrade` and `choco install` commands that were failing when using the `--version` option.

### Enhancements

> - Add back support for `--disable-repository-optimizations` options which was missing in previous alpha release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add back support for the `--disable-repository-optimizations` option which was missing in previous alpha release.
```

> :choco-warning: **WARNING**
>
> This is a pre-release version of Chocolatey CLI and it is **NOT** suitable for production use! A pre-release version will have bugs that could have a detrimental impact to your environment. Ensure all necessary due diligence steps are taken before using in your environment.

> :choco-warning: **WARNING**
>
> This pre-release version of Chocolatey CLI **only** works with the alpha version of the Chocolatey Licensed Extension.

> :choco-info: **NOTE**
>
> If you run into any problems when using this alpha version of Chocolatey CLI we would ask that you comment on this [discussion](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/discussions/2995), which is where we will be collating issues, and providing workarounds, etc.  We will not be accepting issues raised against this alpha release.

### Known Issues

See this [list](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/discussions/2995) for known issues with this pre-release.

### Bug

- Fix `choco search` command that was providing invalid results when using the `--version` option.
- Fix dependency resolution problems during execution of `choco upgrade` and `choco install`.

### Enhancements

> - Add back support for the `--disable-repository-optimizations` option which was missing in previous alpha release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add back support for the `--disable-repository-optimizations` option which was missing in previous alpha releases.
```

As there have been multiple releases, perhaps indicate it was missing from all of them?
